this video from CES 2018 is brought to
by squarespace built an awesome website
or store with their all-in-one platform
today at the link below so we're here in
the Synoptics booth at CES 2018 so you
might know synaptics for their I don't
know fingerprint sensors touch pads all
that kind of stuff if it's a sensor
they're probably into it but fingerprint
sensors are actually the one we're most
interested in right now so this right
here is the first phone I have ever laid
my hands and/or fingers on with an in
screen fingerprint sensor it's using the
synaptics clear ID FS 9500 and if you
haven't heard of that before well the
reason is that it is not out yet
now this phone is set to launch in early
2018 they won't give us a ton of
information about it but what we do know
is that it uses a six point four inch
OLED panel it's got a dual camera setup
on the back that was actually pretty
snappy but we can't evaluate the image
quality in a setting like this it's got
a pretty clean black and gold overall
design and on the bottom you'll find on
microUSB that was a little disappointing
but thankfully a headphone jack the star
of the show really is the display though
it uses a Samsung OLED panel probably a
good choice there and like any phone
these days that display is kind of like
a cake or an onion it's got layers you
know so what happens here is there's a
glass digitizer that's on top then
there's an OLED panel with its substrate
and then there are actually little holes
that allow light from the panel to
bounce off of your finger and through to
the sensor underneath it reading your
fingerprint now the speed is not as fast
as something like an iPhone 8 but it's
also not as slow as some of the early
generation touch sensors so I didn't
feel like there was really any
compromise that I was making in using it
now the question you guys are probably
all thinking right now why has he not
talked about this yet
is can you see it and the answer is
yes but with a gigantic asterisk because
the only time you can see it and I had
to look pretty closely even under the
powerful lights in here on a black
background the only time you can see it
is kind of at an angle like this by the
time you get to a normal viewing angle
and we're talking like that still it
disappears completely and on a white
background I couldn't I can't oh oh
there it is okay barely you can barely
make it out at all so this is really
freaking impressive and you know what
else is impressive Squarespace you can
create a beautiful website or online
store with one of their award-winning
templates today and the great thing is
no matter what kind of bugs are you know
discovered in CPUs haha your website
will perform well with no downtime no
patching no updates nothing like that
Squarespace takes care of all of it
they've got award-winning 24/7 customer
support and they're used by a wide range
of creatives and people including
musicians designers artists restaurants
and more so try it out today at first
base comm slash LTT and you can get 10%
off on your first purchase so thanks for
watching guys you dislike this video
then you clearly hate technology because
like with completely all display phones
being basically the freaking future this
is kind of an important development but
if you liked it hit like get subscribed
so you don't miss any of our CES content
and we will see you at the next booth